nat helpers: document new behavior (#78)
NethServer/nethsecurity-docs: migration.rst

- static routes
- port forwards
- firewall rules: rules using NDPI services are not supported; source and destination objects are not currently supported and will be converted

>   to rules with IP/CIDR addresses; all NAT helpers are loaded by default after the migration

Author: ```suggestion
  to rules with IP/CIDR addresses; all NAT helpers are automatically loaded after the migration with standard kernel paramters
```
